Racing's a man's game.
Can't you win
in a fair race?
[groaning]
Hi, Kid.
lt's nice to see you,
Uncle John.
l mean,
that Kyle Ludwig is crazy.
He almost killed
Dana and the baby...
trashed my car
and put me in here.
That ought to get
his engine started.
Looks like Decker's got
a surprise party for us.
(Murdock)
So if you're looking
for the A-Team...
you're out of luck.
You're dead.
The only place you're going
is to prison, Smith.
How are you today?
(Decker)
There they go!
Get ready for
the main event.
(male narrator)
In 1972,
a crack commando unit....
was sent to prison
by a military court....
for a crime
they didn't commit.
These men promptly escaped...
from a maximum-security
stockade....
to the Los Angeles
underground.
Today, still wanted
by the government....
they survive
as soldiers of fortune.
If you have a problem,
if no one else can help...
and if you can find them...
maybe you can hire
the A-Team.
[gun firing]
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
(Jack)
l think it's okay, honey...
if you give it
a little gas along here.
That way
we'll make up some time.
You sound just like
your son, you know that?
That's all you two
think about,
is driving faster.
l promised my boy l'd get you
to the doctor's appointment
on time, didn't l?
l mean, he must've made me
promise at least
a half a dozen times.
l swear, l don't know
who's more nervous
about having this baby...
him or me.
Besides, it only
an appointment.
l'll probably have to sit
in the waiting room anyway.
And l won't tell him
that you overslept.
Honey, you are
the greatest.
Well, look at that.
Jack Harmon must be
going someplace
in a real hurry.
He ought to be
more careful.
He could have
a real bad accident
driving that fast.
[tires squealing]
You know sometimes
l just can't believe it...
that you and the Kid
are gonna have a baby.
And l'm gonna have me
a grandson.
Or a granddaughter.
Maybe we'll hit the jackpot
and we'll have one of each.
[Jack chuckling]
Don't you think
you've had enough
to drink?
They ran us
off the road, son.
There wasn't anything
l could do.
Oh, man, you should've
done something.
You were supposed
to be driving.
That's what
you were there for.
You know, if you'd
just called Uncle John
in the first place...
this whole thing
never would have happened.
Uncle John. Don't tell me
about Uncle John.
He's no better than
Kyle Ludwig and the rest
of his goons.
l'm sure not
gonna be forced out
of this championship.
Maybe it's time somebody
did something about it.
Hey, Kid! Kid, don't!
Kid!
Ludwig!
l wanna talk
to you, now!
Well, if it's not
the famous Kid Harmon.
How you doing, Kid?
Oh, how's the family, huh?
You're all through
harassing me and my wife.
No kidding.
Yeah, no kidding, man.
You listen to me.
You see, racing....
Racing's a man's game.
And one of these days,
when you grow up,
maybe you'll qualify, huh?
[groaning]
[panting]
Listen, man.
Nothing's gonna make me
drop out of the championship.
Nothing, Ludwig.
You know, l ask myself,
l say, how come this kid
is such a slow learner, huh?
l mean, how come
all the other drivers
on this track...
understand that l'm gonna
win the title, not you?
No, not you.
l mean, even your own pit crew
got the hint.
They took off
early this morning.
Can't you win
in a fair race?
Well, let's just say
that l truly hate losers...
and these boys here,
they're gonna show you...
the kind of loser
you really are.
Oops. Looks like you got
car trouble, Kid, huh?
[groaning]
You take Kid Harmon...
and you take him
out of the lineup
permanently.
You'll have to leave soon.
We need the room.
l'll prepare
the discharge papers.
Hi, Kid.
Uncle John,
what are you doing here?
So good to see you,
Uncle John.
Thank you for coming.
Well, sure. l was here
for the Boy Scout jamboree,
wasn't l?
This is no jamboree
this time.
Yeah, we know.
Dana told us all about it
when she called.
You shouldn't have
done that, Dana.
There's nothing anybody
can do for me.
Kyle Ludwig
has seen to that.
l remember when the military
thought they could keep us
from your wedding.
And a lovely wedding
it was, too.
You know, l kept a piece
of your wedding cake...
and l put in the back
of B.A.'s van...
and it got all moldy
and started to spread wings.
You left cake
in my van?
Don't give up, honey.
Uncle John took a big risk
coming here like this.
You know
how that Colonel Decker
is always snooping around.
l never knew you
to be a quitter, Kid.
What did you expect me to do?
l mean, that Kyle Ludwig
is crazy.
He almost killed
Dana and the baby...
trashed my car
and put me in here.
Face, maybe you could check
on that bill with that nurse.
All right.
We gotta get that cake
out of my van. Come on.
You know, Kid...
B.A.'s got his heart set
on fixing your car.
There's not a store
in the county
that'll sell him spare parts.
Kyle Ludwig has seen
to that.
Well, Dana said your father
was getting us parts.
My father's what?
He wanted to
make it up to you, honey.
He felt bad
about what happened.
l guess things
aren't any better
with Jack, huh?
Better?
His drinking's gotten
worse than ever.
lf he did go for parts...
he'd have to go
to some other county,
is that right?
Right.
Well, where'd he go?
He took 1 24 to Trenton.
Check out of here,
we'll meet you
at the garage.
Okay.
Do you think Ludwig
would try to stop him?
We'll find out.
[sighs]
Looks like
Mr. Ludwig was right
about old Jack Harmon.
He's going for spare parts
to rebuild the Kid's car
for the race.
Some insurance company
sure ain't gonna be
too happy about...
all the accidents
this family's having.
l think we're too late,
Colonel.
Let's go get them, B.A.
[tires squealing]
Jack, you
all right?
l was just fine
till you showed up.
lt's like l told you,
Uncle John. l mean,
lt's a total loss.
Kyle Ludwig is gonna be
running this race alone now.
Now, this mess
is beyond fixing.
Hey, Kid, if it's got
a engine in it...
B.A. Baracus
can fix it.
Why are you
reacting like that?
Kid here, he didn't mean
no offense by what he said.
He just doesn't realize
that you are a consummate
internal-combustion artist...
born with a socket wrench
in one hand and 10W40
coursing through your veins.
You know our B.A. here,
his first job was a lube job.
lf you don't shut up
with your jibber-jabber...
l'm gonna give you
a lube job, fool.
Well, l checked out
Kyle Ludwig, all right...
and, oh, l just want to know,
we haven't lost our knack...
for putting ourselves
in the most dangerous
situations possible.
Man, l told you.
Kyle Ludwig won't let
anybody get near him.
Yeah, kind of makes you wonder
how a guy like that...
can pay for a racecar,
pit crew...
and, oh, the bodyguards
with 40-inch necks.
He gets his money
the old-fashioned way.
He earns it.
No, Murdock, no.
l think he does
what a lot of young people
do these days.
He gets money
from home.
Unfortunately for us,
''home'' in this case
happens to be...
a Chicago crime family
run by his dear uncle.
Uncle Carl
''The Hatchet'' Ludwig.
Whatever Kyle wants,
his dear Uncle Carl
gives him?
l hear they're very close.
l had an Uncle Carl once.
He was a milkman.
But l never got
anything out of him
but cottage cheese.
Oh, fool, your brain's
made of cottage cheese.
Honey.
lt'll be all right, Dana.
Uncle John will know
what to do.
Murdock,
you got first watch.
When Kyle finds out
what we did to his musclemen,
we won't be very popular.
Hmm, no.
No, if he'd just
take the time
to get to know us.
Uncle John,
do you really think
Ludwig would come here...
l mean, to our own garage,
in the middle of the day?
Never put a stupid move
past a stupid man.
lt's a rule
of survival, Dana.
Here we have another
pearl of wisdom...
according to the great
Saint Smith, huh?
All the while l thought
you were a friend
of the family's.
l can't really believe...
that you're gonna put my kids
in the middle of a war.
Now, we wouldn't want Ludwig
to think he won, would we?
This old wreck
is not gonna run
and you know it.
Hey, if you think that,
then why did you even bother
trying to get parts?
Listen to me, son.
He can make all the promises
he wants to...
but he can't drive
the race for you.
What the kid needs
is a new car.
Now, there's one guy
that l know
who's got enough money...
to buy that new car,
and that's Ludwig himself.
But why would Kyle Ludwig
give us money for a car?
Oh, l'm sure he'll be
extremely generous...
if Face asks him
the right way.
Yeah.
(Ludwig)
How much time do you need,
anyhow, huh?
l send you out to do
a simple little job...
you come back here
with your tails
between your legs.
Harmons must've hired
some heavy hitters,
Mr. Ludwig.
Oh, is that what you want me
to tell my Uncle Carl, huh?
You are supposed
to be the heavy hitters
from Chicago, remember?
We'll make sure Kid Harmon
doesn't rebuild his car,
don't worry.
Oh, no, l'm not
gonna worry, huh?
Harmon's the only driver
on the whole circuit...
that could take
the championship
away from me...
and l tell you,
if he gets one wheel
on that track...
my Uncle Carl's gonna know
just how unhappy l am.
You understand me?
[phone ringing]
Get it, on your way out.
l'm gonna give these girls
a chance to relax me.
l'm so tense.
[phone continues ringing]
Yeah?
Mr. Ludwig don't wanna
see anybody right now.
The Figoratti racing team?
Figoratti?
What about Figoratti?
Some guy outside. He says
he's supposed to have
an appointment with you.
He's with the Figoratti
racing team from ltaly.
l know where
the Figoratti team is.
They're the best
in the world.
Send the guy in.
Come in.
Stupid.
There you go.
Here.
[sighing]
Here you are.
Dave Pacini...
Figoratti Racing
representative
for the Western Hemisphere.
Let me compliment you,
Mr. Ludwig, on your
excellent staff.
Your associate
in the hallway...
he questioned me
most thoroughly
about why l'm here.
So, why are you here?
Well, it was all
in my letter. You....
Oh, no. Don't tell me. You....
You see, my secretary
in New York...
she assured me
all the arrangements
had been made.
Then l show up here.
l don't even have
hotel reservations.
l should have anticipated
it was gonna be
one of these days, huh?
You never got my letter,
am l right?
You're right.
Let me be brief.
Please.
Okay. The Figoratti family,
as you well know,
has proudly financed...
five racing teams
on the international
circuit...
for, well,
for many years.
Unfortunately, recent
mounting costs have made it
necessary for them to seek...
oh, how shall we put it,
outside revenue sources.
You know, everybody knows
in the racing world...
this Figoratti guy's
a playboy and he's blowing
the family fortune, right?
So why don't you just
cut through the grease job
here, all right?
[titters]
[hesitantly]
Can....
Can we discuss this
in private?
Oh, absolutely.
Take a hike.
But the girls stay.
They know better
than to talk, don't you?
[laughing]
Great country, isn't it?
Certainly is.
Well, let me be candid,
Mr. Ludwig.
Giancarlo Figoratti
can no longer afford
the millions it takes...
to keep five teams
in operation.
What's in it for me?
Tell me, have you ever...
given any consideration
to driving international
Formula 1?
Are you telling me
that l could buy my way onto
the Figoratti racing team?
Formula 1, huh?
l mean, of course
l want to drive one.
God, l'd blow
the whole field away
with a Formula 1 .
Well, how much dough
are we talking about?
Oh, million dollars.
Spread over the whole season.
Million dollars.
Yes.
Now, what makes you think
l got that kind of money, huh?
Mr. Ludwig, you come
from a very wealthy...
very influential family.
And word has it
that there may be certain...
profits that need
to be disposed of
in quiet European ventures.
l'll tell you what,
l've decided to like you.
You call me Kyle
from now on, all right?
And l'll talk
to my Uncle Carl
about the money.
Excellent.
Well, l have to talk
to some other
potential investors...
so what say
we connect in, oh....
No, no, don't talk
about investors.
No?
l'm gonna drive
your car for you,
you understand?
How much are we talking
to lock this little deal up
right now?
Oh, Kyle,
l'm not authorized--
Oh, no, come on,
we're not gonna talk about
''authorized,'' are we, man?
No.
Well--
What we're talking about
is bills in your wallet...
and me on the Figoratti
racing team, am l right?
Yeah, who said we weren't?
Did somebody say we weren't?
...46, 47, 48, 49, 50.
$50,000.
l have never seen
that much money.
That's truly amazing.
Face, how did you
ever pull this off?
Oh, Kyle Ludwig isn't
such a bad fellow, really.
Once you appeal
to his basic sense of greed,
larceny, corruption.
Ah, you haven't got a hope
in heaven of getting a car
ready in time.
What do you mean,
we ain't got no hope?
B.A., please.
You are our pit crew
inspiration.
lt would be well
for you...
not to dwell
on the probabilities
of ''why not''...
and concern yourself
with ''what if.''
[ High hopes,
he's got high-- [
Come on, guys.
We got a car to buy.
[ ...high hopes, he's got high
Apple pie in the... [[
[electric sander whirring]
Where did Harmon
get that, huh?
[engine roaring]
l don't know, B.A.
l'm just not getting
the power in the turns
like l should.
Hey, Kid,
don't worry about nothing.
l'll work on this car
all night long,
if l have to.
Now, l wouldn't believe
that, Kid, if l were you.
Because if you're planning
on winning that championship
race tomorrow...
you got a whole lot
to worry about.
You must be Kyle Lovesick.
Ludwig.
Kyle Ludwig.
And who are you
supposed to be, huh?
l'm the Clean Racing Fairy.
This is my helper.
Well, it's really nice
to see you fellows again.
Last time l saw you,
you were trying to send
Jack Harmon to his maker.
Remember?
Wait a second,
that was you?
You know, l don't know
how to tell you this, but...
you're dead.
How do you think l got to be
the Clean Racing Fairy?
Now, don't waste
any pixy dust on him.
lt'd probably take
a ton anyway.
Come on, Kid.
That ought to get
his engine started.
Yeah.
Did you hear
what he said, huh?
They're gonna be working
on that car all night long.
Now, by morning
l want the job done...
and this time l want it
done right, you understand?
Because l'm not gonna
look like a fool...
in front of
this ltalian racing guy
during the time trials.
Don't worry,
you can count on us,
Mr. Ludwig.
No, no. Now, this time,
l'm gonna send out
for some professional muscle.
[birds chirping]
lt was pure magic,
watching you fix
Kid Harmon's car.
l mean, the way your hands
just transformed mere metal...
into pure, mystical
motoring magnificence.
Behold, even as we speak,
the legend spreads.
Welcome brothers,
welcome to the very spot...
where future generations
are gonna come...
to see where the mighty B.A.
put camshaft to lathe.
Murdock.
l don't think that
these gentlemen have come
to pay their respects.
What? Blasphemy.
Pay no attention,
big guy.
Everybody out of the garage.
[pleasantly]
Oh, all right.
What are you gonna do
with that?
We're gonna see
if the smoke detector
in your garage is working.
You don't wanna
do that, sucker.
Avert your eyes, B.A.
Look not onto this travesty.
Looks like the smoke detector
in your garage is working
just fine.
l can't believe
you did this.
l mean, that car
must be worth a fortune.
Yeah?
Breaks my heart.
[chuckling]
Well...
when Kyle Ludwig
finds out...
that you just torched
his best race car...
he's gonna break
more than that.
What are you
talking about?
B.A.?
l told you
you didn't wanna
do this, sucker.
Now, don't you feel
like a dum-dum?
Now...
we're gonna tie you guys up
and leave you for
the authorities.
[police sirens wailing]
You can explain
your eyewitness view...
on ''How to Start
an Arson Fire.''
l cannot believe l'm driving
a piece of junk like this
in a championship race.
Ah, Kyle,
good morning.
Pacini. How are you?
Nice to see you.
Nice to be seen.
Listen, l got a surprise
visitor for you.
Kyle Ludwig, may l present
Signore Giancarlo Figoratti.
He wanted to meet you
in person. l know,
call him impulsive.
[imitating ltalian accent]
Hello. How are you today?
l'm fine, l'm fine.
Listen, this is
a real pleasure for me,
and an honor.
Hello. How are you
today, eh?
Fine.
Mr. Figoratti doesn't
speak much English.
Well that's too bad
because, you know...
[laughing]
l don't speak ltalian.
Hello. How are you today?
l'm fine.
Hey, Kyle.
Too bad about your car.
[in ltalian]
What'd he say?
Oh, he says that,
that is a very fine-looking
racing machine.
Well, you tell him for me,
that it's not so much
the car...
it's the man
behind the wheel.
You got that, Kid?
(male announcer on PA)
Gentlemen,
start your engines.
[imitating engine roaring]
Excuse me, pal.
[engine revving]
B.A., that engine sounds
as smooth as honey.
[tires screeching]
(announcer on PA)
Kid Harmon's got the jump
on Kyle Ludwig on the start.
Harmon, in car number 4,
is holding his lead
through Turn 2.
[inaudible]
Ludwig, in number 98,
has slipped under Kid Harmon,
entering Turn 4.
He's holding the lead
down the front straight.
Kid Harmon's squeezed
inside Ludwig.
He's definitely not afraid
to swab clean out there.
It's gonna be close...
but it's Kid Harmon
taking the checkered flag
for the win.
[crowd cheering]
[people whistling]
Nice job.
Nice job, huh?
Uncle John!
We did it, huh?
Congratulations, Kid,
you're learning.
All right, let's get ready
for the main event.
All right.
Colonel Decker, please.
Yeah, this is Jack Harmon.
Well, you can tell
the Colonel from me...
that l know where
he can get his hands...
on Colonel John Smith
and the A-Team.
[[[music playing]
(Face)
And for you....
[women giggling]
(Murdock)
Ah....
[Murdock and Face laughing]
Uh-oh, we're almost
out of champagne.
Down to a scant
six bottles.
Yo!
More refreshments,
if you please.
Now....
You're really running up
quite a tab here.
l believe...
my close personal friend,
Mr. Kyle Ludwig, asked you
to take care of us.
Yeah, good help
is so hard to find
these days.
[in ltalian]
What did you say,
Giancarlo ?
Oh, he said
that your hair is...
lovely in this light.
Oh, he's so cute.
[in ltalian]
What did he say?
He said, ''So are you.''
So, what is all this?
These guys can really
put away the bubbly,
Mr. Ludwig.
You give them
anything they want,
you understand? Anything.
So...
l trust you gentlemen
are enjoying yourselves?
Obviously you are.
Yes, as a matter of fact,
we are.
The water's perfect.
Why don't you join us?
Oh, no, no.
Maybe later, huh?
[in ltalian]
Uh-oh...
l'm afraid Signore Figoratti
is a little concerned...
about your performance
in the qualifying race today.
Concerned? What's he got
to be concerned about?
l had a bad day.
l mean,
he's gotta understand that.
You tell him that.
[in ltalian]
Yes, yes, of course.
[stuttering]
What is it?
lt seems that
he was impressed...
with the performance
of that other
young driver, Kid...
Harmon.
Now, you listen to me.
You forget about Kid Harmon,
you understand?
l got a $50,000 investment
on our little friendship...
and either you help me out
with Figoratti or you're gonna
find yourself...
floating face down
in my beautiful swimming pool,
you understand?
[stuttering]
l'll do what l can,
Mr. Ludwig, but...
if Harmon wins
that championship, well...
Signore Figoratti,
he's bound to notice.
Hello. How are you today?
l'm fine.
Look, you leave Kid Harmon
to me, all right? lt's wired.
l've got some drivers
on the payroll to make sure
he never finishes the race.
You are a very creative man.
[in ltalian]
Right.
lt's looking real good, Kid.
We checked out everything.
Rod bearings,
gaskets, the works.
You gonna have
the fastest car
in the race tomorrow.
Wow, B.A., man.
Thanks.
When Murdock said
you were the best
mechanic in the world...
he wasn't fooling.
B.A. didn't do
all the work, Kid.
Your father supervised
the whole job.
That's right.
lt was his idea
to equalize the air-fuel
distribution, too.
To Jack Harmon,
the old drunk, right?
The old man,
he needs some love
and attention...
so why not let him
tinker around
with the automobile...
so he that feels part of it?
Hmm?
lsn't he sad?
Hey.
Who the hell
do you think you are, talking
to Uncle John like that?
lf it wasn't for him
and the A-Team...
l'd still be back
in that hospital,
thanks to you.
Thanks to me?
Yeah.
That's enough, Kid.
No. No, it isn't.
lt's time we had it out.
lt's time you heard
how sick and tired
l am of your drinking...
and your excuses
for everything.
And you know what else,
Uncle John?
He's always
badmouthing you.
And he showed me
these newspaper clippings
to prove it.
Well, l don't care
how many times
you tell me, Dad...
l know he didn't commit
those crimes in the army.
l know he's innocent.
And l know he's my friend!
Well, you did it.
Congratulations.
You turned my son against me.
You got even.
Guess l'll go
relieve Murdock.
Yeah, thanks, B.A.
Feel like taking
a swing at me, Kid?
No. Of course not.
Then you shouldn't be
swinging at your father,
either.
l'm sorry.
Uncle John, what did he mean
when he said you got even?
Well...
you loved your mother,
didn't you, Kid?
Yeah, you know l did.
So did l. A long time ago.
Your father and l,
both did.
What?
Yeah. When we were
about your age...
we both went after
the same girl.
Your mother. She was
the most beautiful thing
you ever saw.
And we were both
crazy about her.
We both proposed,
and she had to choose
between us.
No way.
l don't believe she had
the chance to choose you
and she picks him.
[laughing]
Oh, yes.
She chose your father
for all the things he was
and l wasn't.
Family-oriented...
secure in his job,
and always there for her.
And when she died, that's
when he started to drink.
Now, maybe you and l could
help him find his way back.
l don't know.
You think about it.
Hey, B.A., where's Hannibal?
He went into the house.
Oh, well, l gotta talk
to him right away.
Ludwig's paid off some drivers
to go after Kid in the race.
(Murdock)
Oh, mamma mia!
[[[music playing]
Mamma mia.
[moaning]
What, Giancarlo ?
Gee, l wish l knew
what you were saying.
[speaking ltalian]
But, then,
who needs to talk,
right, Giancarlo?
[breathing hard]
l was gonna ask you,
Figoratti...
how you were doing,
but l guess....
Are you okay?
How you say,
barfully, barful?
[laughing]
This man is very
''lose-his-cookies.''
Why don't you take him
up to the bathroom,
all right?
Come on, Giancarlo.
[gasping]
Easy does it.
[in ltalian accent]
How are you today?
[groaning]
Scusi. Scusi.
Oh, Giancarlo,
you okay?
[groaning]
[burps]
Ah.
[in ltalian accent]
Ah, is in safe.
[muttering in ltalian accent]
[ And l should have
painted my nails [[
Around, around she goes.
Where she stops,
nobody knows...
but me.
That's it.
Yes, yes, this gonna be
a Section 5.
Easy.
Let's see.
Figoratti, you okay, pal?
Figoratti!
[laughing]
(woman)
Oh, Giancarlo.
John, l wanna
talk to you.
About what?
l feel terrible
about things.
Oh, don't worry.
Lots of things were said
that nobody meant.
No, l don't mean that.
l called the military.
l wish there was something
l could do to rectify it.
Well, the fact
that you told me
is enough. Thanks, Jack.
Let's go, guys.
The only place you're going
is to prison, Smith.
Decker, what a surprise.
l'll bet it is.
(Crane)
Good work, Harmon.
l knew
all those wanted posters
l distributed on you...
had to pay off
sooner or later, Smith.
l just never dreamed
it would be one your friends
who'd turn you in.
[imitating ltalian accent]
Slowly. Slowly.
Go! Go! Go! Go!
l don't understand
why he's late, Dana.
He should be here by now.
Why would Uncle John
stand me up?
He'll be here, honey.
You know how he's on the run.
He's got to be careful.
Yeah, but the race
is about to begin.
l can't drive without B.A.
and Uncle John.
Damn it!
They let me down.
That not true, son.
l'm the one
that let you down.
You're here, Dad.
After all those things
l said about you...
l'm surprised
you even bothered.
(announcer on PA)
Attention, gentlemen,
the five-minute board is up.
The car is running fine.
You give the spectators
a whopping show. Hmm?
We'll talk later.
Good luck.
All right.
Do me luck.
Here goes nothing!
[car engine revving]
Go get them.
[engine starting]
That's Kid Harmon
in number 4.
You know
what we gotta do.
Make him
part of the wall.
He's a short runner.
All right, men.
We know from Jack Harmon
the A-Team's been working
with a fourth man.
So, be ready
for an attempt to rescue
Smith and the others.
Roger, Colonel.
(Murdock)
Mamma mia.
[chattering ltalian-sounding
gibberish]
[in ltalian]
What is this guy
trying to tell us?
Beats me.
Hey, what are you
trying to tell us?
[articulating]
Why did you bring us here?
[stammering]
Carl Ludwig....
How you say?
He's got a problem....
Famiglia, famiglia fighting.
Famiglia what?
Who's fighting?
His family's fighting.
Somebody's fighting
with his family!
Carl Ludwig...
he's no good friends
with Al Capone. Capisce?
Al Capone?
l think he means
it a hit on the Ludwigs.
Hey, maybe somebody's trying
to get to Carl ''The Hatchet''
by making a move on Kyle.
Pretending to be
the military.
lt's a good cover.
Carl wants to do
something about this.
[in ltalian]
Thanks, Mr. Figoratti.
We'll take care of this,
don't worry.
Hello. How are you today?
Thank you very much. Okay?
Hello. Thank you
very much, okay?
Come on.
Don't move.
Not one of you.
The A-Team accomplices
are making their move.
Roll them out.
(Face and Hannibal)
[ You are my sunshine [
[ My only sunshine [
[ You make me happy [[
[bell clanging]
[ Oh, l found a cow [
[mooing]
[ Under my shoe [
[ l found a cow,
how about you? [
[ l found a cow [[
[[[scatting]
[mooing]
Come on, girl.
Come on, right here,
right here. Come on.
Yeah. Take it easy.
There you go.
Take it easy, Bessie.
Take it easy.
Think of
how your milk's gonna make
all those boys and girls...
nice and healthy and strong,
and just think of how proud
B.A. is going to be of you.
God, this is a terrible road.
Why'd we have to come
this way?
lt's the only other way
back to the interstate.
(soldier #1)
What's this?
[[[singing]
Hey, Pops, you wanna
do that someplace else?
We're in a hurry here.
Hey, you from the city, boy?
Well, yeah
What's that got to do
with moving the cow?
Well, l thought as much,
'cause lf you spent
any time on a farm...
you'd know that
when a lady like Bessie here
wants to give milk...
[laughing]
she gives milk.
Aw, take
a little bit more.
Yeah.
Hey, Hank, you wanna
give us a hand here?
Yeah! Hey, Hank!
Hey, Hank, come on down here
and give us a hand.
'Cause they ain't
gonna be no good.
You gonna need more hands
than you got, boy.
Here, let me take that
for you.
[cow mooing]
(Murdock)
Yeah.
Keep on pushing.
As my daddy sang
in that old song....
[ Keep on pushing [[
Keep on pushing, boys.
Let's go.
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
This is your captain,
once again taking you
under my wing...
by keeping you close
to my heart,
which is where you belong.
This is Crane. Over.
What's going on?
[imitating foreign accent]
Hello, Wilbur.
Wilbur? Who is this?
So you are looking
for the A-Team?
You're out of luck, Wilbur!
The A-Team?
What about the A-Team?
Colonel.
Captain?
The A-Team has escaped.
Escaped?
Yes, sir.
How? Who's responsible?
But l know
how Smith thinks, Captain.
He won't leave this area
till his business
with Kid Harmon is finished.
You can count on it.
Let's move out.
(announcer on PA)
Katz in 01 is all over
Kid Harmon...
down the back straight.
Jones in the 16 car
is smoking under-braking
into the turns.
He could be looking at
a black flag soon.
How's it going, Jack?
Yeah, well....
John?
What are you doing here?
We'll talk later.
But Colonel Decker
will be here
looking for you.
Hmm.
l'd be disappointed
if he wasn't.
That's one of Ludwig's men
over there.
We're in position,
Colonel.
Okay, good.
Number 16 is throwing
a little smoke now.
You guys be sure
our boy gets a fair race.
Okay.
[engine roaring]
[shouting over noise]
Jones, Jones,
you got a telephone call!
Dwight Eisenhower
on line 4.
What?
Your sister
had her kidneys....
[talking gibberish]
What about my sister?
lt dropped!
l sure hope
his sister's kidney turns out
all right. Poor thing.
We're gonna have to remember
to send her a get-well card.
What do you think?
You don't think
anything.
Hey, who the heck
are you?
Don't worry about anything.
Jones had an emergency.
This is his twin brother.
Don't you say anything,
don't you say one thing.
Jones at number 16 is
back in the competition.
Attaboy, B.A.,
attaboy. Get on it now.
(Face on radio)
All right, 01,
you want to get 01...
he's right ahead of you.
There you go.
Dad, they're trying
to run him off the track.
l know it.
(Hannibal)
Now, Dana, relax.
We got a little plan.
Okay, B.A.
Give that powder puff
a little jolt of adrenalin.
You got it.
(announcer on PA)
Katz in 01 is cartwheeling
through the infield.
Attaboy, B.A., attaboy.
Way to go.
Katz is out of the car.
He's shaken, but walking
under his own power..
All right, now take care
of the other slime balls.
(B.A.)
I'm on it.
Uh-oh. Better
hurry it up, Hannibal.
Looks like Decker's got
a surprise party for us.
Well, things are
getting interesting.
(Jack)
You gotta get out of here.
He's going to come
and pick you up
and you know that.
Relax, Jack,
we got plenty of time.
Enjoy the end of the race.
Here they come.
lf the A-Team's inside
these walls,
they'd better not escape.
You two,
take those bleachers...
Captain, take the men
and look those bleachers over.
Disperse!
(announcer on PA)
The 16 car's up
on Szollosi in 95.
It's getting mean out there.
16 and 95 touch.
The Kid has closed on Ludwig.
He's alongside.
He's nosing him
on the inside...
and he triumphs at the flag.
[all cheering]
All right!
Come on.
Come on!
[crowd cheering]
You win nothing.
You get out of my way,
old man.
[groans]
l should have done that
a long time ago.
What a happy day, huh?
[tires screeching]
There they go!
l love it when a plan
comes together.
[all cheering]
All right!
Check it out!
[cheering]
Can you believe it?
lsn't this the biggest thing
you've ever seen?
(Hannibal)
lndeed.
lt is great, man.
Well, we'll just have
to build an addition to
the house just to keep it in.
We'll have to build
that addition
to the house...
just to put
all our kids in.
Let me get through
this one first, okay?
Okay.
Uncle John, l don't know
how we can thank you enough...
for all that you, and Face,
B.A., and Murdock did.
Oh, it's nothing, Dana.
You know, the thing
l don't understand...
is how did Colonel Decker
ever find out
that you were here?
Oh, well...
Decker may be obnoxious,
but he's very determined.
Listen, son, there's something
you ought to know about that.
Yes, your father
promised me...
that he would personally
ask around quietly...
and find out exactly
what happened,
like the good friend he is.
And a good friend
l'll always be.
Well, we better
get going, huh?
[in ltalian accent]
Si, si. We hate to go but
we got to fly back to Rome...
where our families
are awaiting
the traditional grape harvest.
That's right, Murdock.
You remember?
And we don't wanna be late.
And l especially like
the part where we get
to stomp the grapes.
And we keep on stomping them,
all day long.
(Murdock)
You don't have
to get so riled up!
Stomp! Stomp! Stomp!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org